Fix CLI help and document TypeScript config file (#8908)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/user-guide/configure.md

};
```

> For `stylelint.config.ts` file, you can use the `satisfies` operator to ensure type safety:

Reviewer: [suggestion] It may be nice to emphasize we can *also* use the TS config file, not only JS files.

For example:

```suggestion
Also, you can use the `stylelint.config.ts` filename too, and the `satisfies` operator can help ensure type safety:
```

But, regarding expressions in the documentation, @jeddy3 could have better ideas than I.
